bibtex2web: create webpages from bibliography files.
Michael Ernst <mernst@csail.mit.edu>

Given a collection of BibTeX files, bibtex2web creates
 * one webpage per article (giving the abstract, and linking to the article
   itself and to the authors and venue)
 * a webpage listing all articles by date
 * a by-topic webpage categorizing articles by topic
 * one webpage per author, listing that author's articles, plus a webpage
   linking to all the per-author webpages
This is convenient because you only need to keep one set of (BibTeX) sources
up to date, thus avoiding skew between your webpages and bibliographies.

You can see examples of the output of bibtex2web at
  http://pag.lcs.mit.edu/pubs/
  http://pag.lcs.mit.edu/pubs/bytopic.html
  http://pag.lcs.mit.edu/pubs/byauthor.html
Every file under http://pag.lcs.mit.edu/pubs/ is automatically generated by
bibtex2web.

There are three key programs included with bibtex2web:
 * bwconv.pl does the first three operations
 * htmlabstract-split.pl assists with the creation of one webpage per article
 * make-author-pages.pl makes the author webpages (by calling bwconv.pl).
For examples of how to call these programs, see file examples/README in
this distribution.

To install, set the BPHOME environment variable to point to the lib/
directory of this installation.  For example, in csh, add something like
  setenv BPHOME /home/jruser/bibtex2web/lib
to your .cshrc.  You may need to log out and log back in for this to take
effect.

Then, you can run the programs in bin/.  (You may add that directory to
your path if you wish, but it is not required.)  See file examples/README
and examples/Makefile in this distribution for more details.

The programs take advantage of several additional BibTeX fields:
  abstract	The abstract, in LaTeX format.
  basefilename	The file name for the article itself, without the extension
		(such as ".ps", ".pdf", ".doc", ".ppt", etc.).  You must put
		these files in the destination directory before running the
		programs.
  nobasefilename Include this field in order not to be warned that the
		basefilename field is missing.  If the basefilename field
		is missing, then no per-article webpage will be generated.
  downloads	A list of other downloads, in addition to those automatically
		detected by virtue of matching the basefilename.  The list
		is semicolon-separated, and each entry consists of a URL
		(which may not contain whitespace) and anchor text (which
		may contain whitespace), separated by whitespace.
  downloadsnonlocal A list of other downloads, used (in addition to the
		"downloads" field) only if no local files are found via the
		"basefilename" mechanism.
  supersededby	A comma-separated list of keys of articles that supersede
		this one.  A superseded article does not get its own
		per-article webpage, but is briefly noted on the webpage of
		each article that supersedes it.  Optionally, the key can
		be followed by whitespace and (comma-free) text that replaces
		"A previous version".
  category	The name of the topic under which this article should be
		listed in the by-topic webpage.
  summary	A brief description of the article (shorter than the
		abstract) that appears in the by-topic webpage, on the
		theory that including the full abstracts of all the papers
		on that webpage would bee too long.
(An "alsosee" field is not currently processed.)

You can also define your own additional fields.  For instance, the example
Makefile that is distributed with the programs uses the "-filter" argument
to the programs to make them ignore any article containing an "omitfromcv"
field.  Additionally, it ignores any entry containing an "onlycrossref"
field (unless that field was inherited via a crossref); this permits info
about just the conferences from appearing.  Another use of the "-filter"
argument is to create a separate webpage for any article containing an
"underreview" field.

If you have any problems or questions, please contact me at
Michael Ernst <mernst@csail.mit.edu>; I will do my best to help,
though I cannot make any guarantee.

Implementation details:

These programs are built on the bp Perl library.  The bibtex2web
distribution is simply the bp distribution, with corrections and
enhancements.  bp-README is the original README file for the bp Perl
library, and other files and directories have been similarly prefixed with
"bp-" to avoid confusion to users of bibtex2web.  bp documentation appears
at http://www.ecst.csuchico.edu/~jacobsd/bib/bp/index.html (but
unfortunately isn't packaged with bp itself).  bp has not been supported
since December 1996, but it works well enough for me, particularly with my
enhancements.  (Another library is btool, but bp is better.)  Other systems
exist, but did not have the features I needed.

Under both Netscape and Internet Explorer, <BR> needs to be at the end of a
line rather than at the beginning of the next line, because otherwise there
can be two line breaks (ie, a blank line) rather than just a single line
break.

To do:

Would it be a valuable feature, or merely distracting, to add
cross references from each abstract to other publications as follows?
 * by the same author,
 * on the same topic,
 * published in the same year.

Permit printing superseded articles rather than suppressing them (but do
add links to the subsequent version); this gives a list of all
publications, including duplicates.

Generalize to look for any file with the given basename, not just .pdf,
.ps, .doc, and .ppt.

Include a BibTeX entry, for convenience (and accuracy) of those who wish to
cite the paper.

On the by-date page, optionally separate publications by year (with a
header, not not onto separate pages -- see http://pmg/pubs.html).
(See the call to "&bib::convert($record)" in bin/bwconv.pl.)
